Docs: update pr template (#7126)
artsy/eigen: docs/pull_request_template.md

<!--
➡️ Use a PR title in the form of  `type(PROJECT-XXXX): what changed`
➡️ Provide the Jira ticket in square brackets like [PROJECT-XXXX]

❗️ If this is a work in progress, remember to prefix it with [WIP] and/or open a draft PR instead of normal PR
-->

### Description
<!-- Info, implementation, how to get there, before & after screenshots & videos, follow-up work, etc -->

This PR resolves []

> ### QA Testing

Reviewer: Such a section could make the job of whoever is the release captain easier but I am afraid it will cause everyone else to spend lots of extra time adding details here. I was under the impression such details should be included already in the Jira ticket. Maybe we can update the recent changes notion doc to include the original Jira ticket

Reviewer 2: Will this section be parsed automatically like the changelog?

Author: > Will this section be parsed automatically like the changelog?

That would be great!

Reviewer 3: thats the idea. this table could automatically be added in the notion QA scripts. Also, it is something that should be "formalized" here, because jira tickets tend to be more loose in their wording, and when people from other teams see something, they are not 100% what to test. this table should make it simpler for everyone, and yes it might be a small extra work on the author, but this is for big feature changes, not small changes that can be QA'd within the team that developed them.

Reviewer 3: with all that said, i definitely will insist this should remain as a table, that is replicated from notion. we should not have more things like more headers etc.

Please provide information on how to test this PR.

> These tests will be run in recent changes QA, they do not have to be extensive, just a high level feature sanity check, you should do your own extensive QA with your team.

Reviewer: **thought:**
Was this uncommented intentionally?

Reviewer 2: Good point! I'd like to keep it as a comment as well to reduce the manual work of removing/commenting these lines.

> - Feature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Context:
```

Author: I have now removed this completely since the description of the pr provides that context. It would be great if we can parse this automatically in the changelog, together with the instructions / acceptance criteria.

- Test Case:

> - Environment:

Reviewer: I feel this is not necessary since the environment will be almost always staging

Author: Agreed, I removed this

- [ ] I added Tests and Stories for my changes.
- [ ] I added an [app state migration].
- [ ] I hid my changes behind a [feature flag].

> - [ ] We want to have this tested by Applause. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] We want to have this tested by our external QA vendor. 
```
Should we maybe not mention Applause name here? maybe it's fine

Author: I don't see why not 🤷🏻‍♀️

<!-- 🤷‍♂️ Replace this entire block with the hashtag `#nochangelog` to avoid updating the changelog. -->

#### Cross-platform user-facing changes
-

#### iOS user-facing changes
-

#### Android user-facing changes
-

#### Dev changes
-

#### To be tested by Applause

> - If your change needs to be tested by Applause please paste here the name of the change as well as how to test it that you already filled up above.

Reviewer: I would suggest instead simply prefixing the previous items with something like `[NEEDS EXTERNAL QA]` or so to avoid adjusting our parser. I mean instead of having something like
```
### Cross-platform user-facing changes
- Updated login - mounir
```
we can do
```
### Cross-platform user-facing changes
- [NEEDS EXTERNAL QA] Updated login - mounir
```

Author: I like that idea!
